This is the Game Scene Plan. It contain major spoilers.


Introduction:
  The Goal is to set the Scene and offer the expected Gameplay experience in one short bite.
    
	Scene 1 - Godot:
	  Schedule:
        Self Painted Godot symbol appears identical to the original one. The Music starts.
	  Why:
	    Show that this game takes some unecessary Extra Steps.
		Present Artstyle and Music before the Game starts.		

    Scene 2 - Trigger Warning:
	  Schedule:
        Black Screen Slowly reveal white line by line
        --------
        Trigger Warning:
	      Confusion
	      True Love
		  Audio
	      Buglessnes
	    --------
	    Game waits for you to select one. Game remembers this for weird things like background music.
	  Why:
	    Set the Tone: this Game tries to defy your expectation. You should look out for weird stuff
		Some weirdness could be interpreted as Bug. Setting the Tone beforehand and actually stating that this game contains no bugs may adjust the expectations towards a shitty gamejam game.
		Hopefully it makes someone laugh.
		
    Scene 2.1 - This Game was produced:
	  Schedule:
	    The Ubisoft Game "This Game was produced by a lot of different People" unskippable screen
	  Why:
	    just a cheap reference to unskippable cutscenes.
        Like a "Filler Episode"
		Highly Optional		
	
	Scene 3 - What?:
	  Schedule:
	    A regular Start Screen appears.
		A Start Screen Intro Video explains the Setting of the "Game"
		Everything is in the Wrong undecipherable Language. Some weird hints to what everything means are given (Gear/Cockworklike symbol in the option button)
		In different Languages it is different.
		The Player can only Proceed and "Press Start", but its a weird key.
	  Why:
	    Navigating through Menus in wrong languages is a real and relatable puzzle.
		Not expecting Game Jam Games to have different Languages might hurt.
		Also it reveals the Optios Menu, a core Location of the game.
		Changing the Language is also a Core Mechanic of the Game.

	Scene 4 - Main Menu:
	  Schedule:
	    Depending on the actual scope of the game more things might appear.
		The follwoing Buttons are shown (In the "chosen" language):
		-----------
		Start Game / Continue Game
		Memory
		Options
		About
		Back
      	----------
		The Buttons lead to further Scenes. 
		The Background depicts a classical edge Lord MMO Titlescreen and might be interactable depending on further puzzles.
	  Why:
	    Should feel like home here, every game needs a Main Menu
	
	Scene 5 - Options Menu:
	  Schedule:	  
	    ----------
        Localization
		  - Weird Undecipherable (islandic? hebreic? some selfbuild stuff?)
		  - English
		  - German
		  - UwU
		  - Cat Sign Language
		V-Sync On/Off
		Sound/Music Meter
		  Sound
		  Music
		  Speed
		Keybindings
		Menu Opacity
		Brightness
		Hints On/Off
		Graphic Preset:
		  Megafluid Ultraepic Limit Break Overdrive
		  High
		  Low
		  Potato (Replace all textures with potato)
		Dialog Speed
		----------
	  Why:
	    A Plethora of puzzle pieces.
		Localizations:
          UwU: Turns every Button Press in a Dating Sim. You can otherwise convince greyed out buttons to aid you.
          Cat Sign Language: Toss Buttons on the ground to break them (Start Game becomes "Start" and "Game")
		  English: plain english
		  German: because i speak german
		V-Sync On/Off: Ingame v-sync has real physic consequences -> Navigation Method
		Sound: as expected and normal
		  speed is maybe also game speed?
		Menu Opacity: 
		  some things are hidden behind menus
		  some things want to be hidden behind menus
		Brightness:
		  Is asked later while starting the game, can be readjusted here
		Keybindings:
		  Greyed out with tooltip that hints on does not like you and does not want to interact -> hint to uwu
		Hints On/Off: In game are sign posts that block the way when this is activated
		Invert Y Axis: In game the mouse y axis is wrong
		Dialog Speed: The Movement Speed of the Dialog. It runs away and is not readable if not 0
	
	Scene 6 - Terms and Services:
	  Schedule:
	    Hour Player has chosen a decipherable language and pressed Start Game
		He is shortly ask to comply to terms and conditions by writing "agree". 
		He must comprehend the language of this dialog to proceed
		He can go back if he does not understand.
	  Why:
	    Give motivation to change language in case he just continues.
		
	Scene 7 - Hide the Fish:
	  Schedule:
	    Classical Chose Brightness dialog. 
		The Fish should not be visible anymore.
		Fish Mocks Player.
		Brightness Change keeps fish bright. He also starts to glow.
		You can Move the +/-/back/proceed menu over fish
		if opacity <90 fish mocks hints to opacity
        if fully hidden proceed is clickable
	
	Scene 8 - Character Creator:
	  Schedule:
	    Player has very very basic character creator
		has to chose some unnecessary things that are remembered. Maybe even localization dependent.
		important part is the name, which has to be edgy, otherwise he cannot proceed.
		left bottom is global chat, which shows example of good edgy names "xXShadowChopinXx"
		The symmetric symbols are important.
	  Why:
	    Easy puzzle to set the tone of the "game"
		
	Scene 9 - Actual Game
	  Schedule:
	    An actual 2d platformer starts.
		a pit is to the left of the player.
		If vsync is on vsync moves player to the right, he falls through the pit.
		Not enough time to prohibit this. Has to enable vsync to solve this.
		Also it "lags" when graphic settings are too high
	  Why:
	    This is the real experience. Graphic Settings on a Potato are a form of eding. After the 30 hour cutscene you are generously allowed to play the game, except you dont. First invert Y axis and stop the lag. Also comprehend graphic terms like "Multi Frog Spatial Sensory Agnostics" and "Anti Space Partition Pawn Managment Cast Polarity"
	
	Scene 10 - Where is the Jump Button?
	  Schedule:
	    Obstacle appears
		Tutorialized bottom message "Press 'spiderbro' to jump. You can rebind keys in options menu"
		Keybinding button states tooltip "Is in a sad Mood and refuses to work"
		Change to UwU and date him
		Sweet Choice based short dating sim with his kids. You can assign one kid/key to the jump by convincing the keybinding button.
		  Kids need passion projects.
		If you do everthing right the button is in love.
		Sometimes reminds you not to overstress the button.
	  Why:
	    I think this is fewerdreamwaifu material. Can't think of something more cursed.
		
	Scene 11 - Hint
	  Schedule: 
	    A Big Signpost appears. You can'T jump over it or go through it.
		It states "go down the well"
		You have to turn it off in the options menu. 
		it is clearly visible that this is missing here
		
	Scene 12 - Back to VSync
	  Schedule: 
	    the well is something with a lid you cant enter
		you can glitch you through with vsync
		you drown, but you see that a signpost could prevent you from falling into water
		
	Scene 13 - Discussion
	  Schedule:
	    you encounter a dialog if you want the macguffin
		there is only a goodbye button
		the dialog hints at memories (if i only remember what answers you could possibly gave)
		aquire a "Yes" on a Button to proceed.
		
	Scene 14 - Memories
	  Schedule:
	    Memories is disabled everywhere but english
        Tutorialized way to show you how to make screenshots by dragging anything and pressing strg C + strg V
		Cute Rain Scene should be fotographed
		rain falls out of copy -> hinting realities are connected
        Instead of back button the weird dude tells you that he forgot what you could say to exit.
        you can create/delete memories
        If you made one a prompt
        "Great, you made a Memory!" and a weird plethora of Button options, containing "Back"
		Back, Ok, Cancel, Submit, Dominate, Cringe, Escape, Learn, Malignate
        Some of them are needed later, back is important now.
	  Why:
	    This is the hardest leap.
		Without caging the player he will never get it.
        I hope he gets it when he sees the weird button choice.		
		But with it a lot of weird stuff is possible.
	
	Scenee 15 - Yes
	  Schedule:
	    going back to the dude
		bring a yes button and press it
	  Why:
	    This is just to guardkey check the puzzle before.
		
	Scene 16 - Chekovs Gun
	  Schedule:
		He gives you a "Motor of Roll the Credits and Win"
		You can use it with Jump. it opens a Menu with just "Close"
		Hint that you should start the motor somehow. Hints on feline.
		Catpaw the "Start Game", break it into "Start"
		carry it in this menu
		press start
	  Why:
	    if enough time the machine will just lead to further puzzles
		i just like the break button logic and think this will be the hardest of all feverdream leaps
		
	Scene 17 - Credits Roll
	  Schedule:
	    You win screen without secrets


More Ideas:
  Bug Report Icon on right bottom.
  It is not a Bugsplat feature but a ~real bug